Direct message from Green Tea: Dear Madam,
how should we properly open a business? To
open a business, we
should first consider the location we rent.
First, when opening a
business, we must offer a meal to our
ancestors, expressing gratitude for their blessings. It is thanks to
our ancestors that we were
born, that we have been
blessed to have this business.
We
offer this meal as a token of our gratitude. We should be grateful for
whatever blessings we have received.
Then, we can offer a
small sacrifice to our ancestors to
increase our blessings before we start
selling. After that, when we arrive at the business location,
we can offer some
food to the
needy and destitute people there, adding
another act of charity. Then,
we can make offerings and perform acts of
charity to increase our blessings.
All of this is already
planned in advance.  Plus, if we
do good deeds like that, it will be better.
This is a direct question from Ms. Nguyen
Thi Thuy: Because I can't go to the temple to study, I
can only watch the
Master's Dharma lectures and Ms. Trach's Dharma teachings at home. But
because my family runs a shop,
people come in to buy things occasionally. My heart is
unhappy and I keep wanting to tell the customers
that we don't sell things at night. Please
give me some
advice. If we don't sell things at night,
we have to close the shop. If
people come to buy and we're not happy
with them, they won't
come again next time, and we'll lose
customers. We just need to put up a sign saying that
we're busy and not selling things at night, and
we can sit and listen to the Dharma. But if we do
sell things, we have to hope for customers; if we don't
want customers, we close the shop.
Otherwise, we won't be able to concentrate on listening to the Dharma
and we'll lose customers. Another
question: My family hasn't had the opportunity to
set up a Buddhist altar yet, but we have
many pictures, specifically pictures of Shakyamuni Buddha,
Amitabha Buddha, and the Three
Buddhas. Someone said we should...  Some people say it's
not advisable, but I'd like to ask you to
explain to me that it's good to admire Buddha images, there's nothing wrong with hanging them.
But we also understand that
Buddha is a wise being who teaches
good Dharma, so we shouldn't hang them
without knowing anything. Therefore, hanging them,
admiring them, and showing respect will all bring blessings. (
Question from Ly H. Mi
Tran) "Hello, Teacher. My mother is ill and ca
n't come to the temple, so I'm requesting permission for her. I'm practicing
remotely, but last month
I didn't listen to the Dharma on the 30th. So, I'd like to
ask if not listening to the Dharma will
affect my mother? My mother still
listens to the Dharma on the Dharma radio station and has already brought it
home. What should I do to
best accumulate merit? I respectfully ask for your guidance.
Dear audience, when we study Buddhism,
we shouldn't think that
listening to the Dharma is mandatory. We won't have
the intention to listen to the Dharma. When we listen to the Buddha's Dharma,
we benefit in this way:
because we understand, we abandon evil and do
good. That very act of abandoning evil and doing good brings
blessings."  I've already reported it, not to
mention my past karma.
I understand that I have blessings, blessings. Why?
Because I understand, my mind will be
more peaceful. For example, I
know the cause, I know
karma, so I don't feel
resentment or blame, and I live
more virtuously. Isn't that stopping
new karma?
I don't create karma, so
later on, I will be happy.
As for the previous one, it's because I listened to the Dharma and
transformed my karma.
That's two transformations. So
don't think that listening to the
Dharma is mandatory; you should see
it as beneficial. If you don't
listen and don't understand, then the opportunity
won't transform your karma. Okay? If
you don't transform your karma, you can't
dedicate your blessings to
others. Why ca
n't you dedicate them? For example, if
your heart is kind and good, the people around you will
also feel better. If your heart is kind and good,
then the people around you will
also feel better. That's
dedicating the blessings to your mother.
My mind is so troubled, it's with my mother. My mother is
also very uncomfortable. There are people like
this: you see someone, they haven't
done anything to you, but suddenly your mind
feels uneasy and uncomfortable. Has
anyone ever experienced that?
Yes, right? It means you don't know them, you don't
know them, but suddenly when you go near them, you
feel restless and uncomfortable. So,
when you listen to the Dharma, you understand, you practice,
then if your mother and you have any
bad karma, it will be transformed, and
your mother will benefit. (Direct message:
Green Tea) I see people talking about the Sutra of
Unfailing Nature and its benefits,
but I don't understand it clearly. However, I see it
says that if anyone doesn't believe this is a Buddhist sutra, they
will suffer karmic consequences. I respectfully ask you, Venerable Teacher, to clarify my doubts. Thank you for your
merit. Respectfully, to the assembly, in the
Buddhist scriptures, there is never a sentence
in the Buddhist scriptures that says, "If anyone
doesn't believe, they will suffer karmic consequences." It's never
written like that. Teacher, do you understand? It's not
just that some people slander the sutra of karma, meaning they
slander it, and there is no karma involved.  The idea of ​​"
no cause, no effect" means that a life without cause and effect is meaningless. People
who say "no
cause, no effect" don't know how to
abandon evil or do good, so
they will encounter karmic consequences
arising from their own evil deeds.
Do you understand, teacher? Slander means that there is
no cause or effect at all, that's why you suffer.
But in all Buddhist scriptures, or
anyone else's, if you don't believe, it means
you haven't received merit yet,
not that you will suffer karmic consequences. Because
you say you don't know... Is this a
Buddhist scripture? I don't really
believe it either, so how can you say
you'll suffer karmic consequences? I haven't done anything evil.
This is a threat, this is incorrect.
And the "Unrighteous Sutra" is indeed
not a Buddhist scripture. A direct question
from Ms. Thanh Le Bach on September 8th: "I
received the
precepts, but last night I drank
bubble tea with tapioca pearls, and I
chewed them. After chewing, I remember I received the
precepts today, so
was chewing them a mistake? What should I do? Please
guide me, teacher."  Dear audience, we
are the ones who are supposed to be taking care of our sons,
so we don't chew our food properly. But this was unintentional.
I pray to the Buddha that next time I will be
more mindful. As for those who are greedy, they ca
n't stand not eating, they can't stand
not eating. Practice moderation and contentment
for just one day, then we should re-
examine ourselves, okay? So that we can be more diligent, there's nothing
wrong with that. Yen will stop
answering here.
[music]
Oh